Docs: Added tutorial on symbiosis (#387)
rsksmart/devportal: tutorials/workshop-smart-contract-testing-truffle.md

        {
          from: accounts[1],
          value: web3.utils.toWei('0.11', 'ether'),
        },
      );
    assert.equal(returnValue.toString(), '1');

    // perform the state transition
    const tx =
      await instance.addCar(
        '0xff00ff', // colour: purple
        new BN(4), // doors: 4
        new BN(0), // distance: 0
        new BN(0), // lat: 0
        new BN(0), // lon: 0
        {
          from: accounts[1],
          value: web3.utils.toWei('0.11', 'ether'),
        },
      );

    // retrieve the updated state
    const numCars =
      await instance.numCars.call();
    const car1 =
      await instance.cars.call(new BN(1));

    // perform the assertions
    assert.equal(numCars.toString(), '1');

    assert.equal(car1.colour, '0xff00ff');
    assert.equal(car1.doors.toString(), '4');
    assert.equal(car1.distance.toString(), '0');
    assert.equal(car1.lat.toString(), '0');
    assert.equal(car1.lon.toString(), '0');
    assert.equal(car1.status.toString(), '1'); // parked
    assert.equal(car1.owner, accounts[1]);
  });
```

The line `const returnValue = await instance.addCar.call(/* ... */);`
retrieves the return value of the `addCar` function.

> The more astute participants in this workshop may have noticed something

Author: ```suggestion
Some participants in this workshop may have noticed something
```
